Improve exhaustive shortest path section (#74)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications/all-notifications.adoc

[TIP]
====
When a predicate, given on the shortest path, needs to inspect the whole path before deciding whether it is valid, the shortest path might fall back to the exhaustive search algorithm.

> For more information, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/execution-plans/shortestpath-planning#_shortest_pathadditional_predicate_checks_on_the_paths[ Cypher manual -> Shortest path - additional predicate checks on the paths].

Reviewer: Do you know why there is a space here?
```suggestion
For more information, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/execution-plans/shortestpath-planning#_shortest_pathadditional_predicate_checks_on_the_paths[Cypher manual -> Shortest path - additional predicate checks on the paths].
```

Author: No, looks like a typo to me

----

Description of the returned code::
Using shortest path with an exhaustive search fallback might result in a slower query since shortest path graph algorithms might not work for this use case.

> It may be possible to introduce a `WITH` to separate the `MATCH` containing the shortest path from the existential predicates on that path and thereby eliminating the need for the fallback.

Author: @renetapopova I can't remember, is this supposed to be the exact old 5.x description? In that case we probably should not have changed it...

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is the currently returned description. So, changing it, I guess, would be a breaking change.

Author: I changed it back now

Description of the returned code::

> Using shortest path with an exhaustive search fallback might cause query slow down since shortest path graph algorithms might not work for this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using shortest path with an exhaustive search fallback might result in a slower query since shortest path graph algorithms might not work for this use case.
```

or if you like to keep it as a noun
```suggestion
Using shortest path with an exhaustive search fallback might cause query slowdown since shortest path graph algorithms might not work for this use case.
```

> It may be possible to introduce a `WITH` to separate the `MATCH` containing the shortest path from the existential predicates on that path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may be possible to introduce a `WITH` to separate the `MATCH` containing the shortest path from the existential predicates on that path and thereby eliminating the need for the fallback.
```
